Update Amazon SQS connector doc (#708)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/amazonsqs-connector/2.x/amazonsqs-connector-2.x-reference.md

# Amazon SQS Connector Reference

The following operations allow you to work with the Amazon SQS Connector. Click an operation name to see parameter details and samples on how to use it.

---

## Initialize the connector

> To use the Amazon SQS connector, add the element in your configuration before carrying out any Amazon SQS operations. This Amazon SQS configuration authenticates with Amazon SQS by specifying the AWS access key ID and secret access key ID, which are used for every operation.

Reviewer: Adding the init element was necessary in the older connector model. In this 2.x series we are using a connection and the config key. Shall we update this description accordingly?

??? note "init"  
    The init operation is used to initialize the connection to Amazon SQS.
    <table>
        <tr>
            <th>Parameter Name</th>
            <th>Description</th>
            <th>Required</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>name</td>
            <td>Unique name to identify the connection by.</td>
            <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>region</td>
            <td>The regional endpoint to make your requests (e.g., us-east-1).</td>
            <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>secretAccessKey</td>

>             <td>TA secret access key associated with your AWS access key.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>The secret access key associated with your AWS access key.</td>
```

            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>connectionTimeToLive</td>
            <td>The maximum amount of time(in seconds) that a connection should be allowed to remain open, regardless of usage frequency.</td>
            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>connectionAcquisitionTimeout</td>
            <td>The amount of time(in seconds) to wait when acquiring a connection from the pool before giving up and timing out.</td>
            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>socketTimeout</td>
            <td>The amount of time(in seconds) to wait for data to be transferred over an established, open connection before the connection is timed out.</td>
            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>apiCallTimeout</td>
            <td>The amount of time(in seconds) to allow the client to complete the execution of an API call.</td>
            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>apiCallAttemptTimeout</td>
            <td>The amount of time(in seconds) to wait for the http request to complete before giving up and timing out.</td>
            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

>     !!! note 
>         You can either pass credentials within init configuration or set the AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY as environment variables. The AWS SDK uses provider chains to look for AWS credentials in system/user environment variables.
>         
>         - To set these environment variables on Linux, macOS, or Unix, use export :
>         
>                 export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIXXXXXXXXXXA
>                 export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=qHZXXXXXXQc4oMQMnAOj+340XXxO2s
>             
>         - To set these environment variables on Windows, use set :
>             
>                 set AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIXXXXXXXXXXA
>                 set AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=qHZXXXXXXQc4oMQMnAOj+340XXxO2s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! note
    You can either pass credentials within init configuration or set the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` as environment variables. The AWS SDK uses provider chains to look for AWS credentials in system/user environment variables.

    To set these environment variables follow the below steps based on your operating system: 

    === "Linux, macOS, or Unix"
        ```    
        export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIXXXXXXXXXXA
        export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=qHZXXXXXXQc4oMQMnAOj+340XXxO2s
        ```    
    === "Windows"
        ```    
        set AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIXXXXXXXXXXA
        set AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=qHZXXXXXXQc4oMQMnAOj+340XXxO2s
        ```
```

            <th>Required</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>queueUrl</td>
            <td>The URL of the queue from which the PurgeQueue action deletes messages.</td>
            <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>apiCallTimeout</td>
            <td>The amount of time(in seconds) to allow the client to complete the execution of an API call.</td>
            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>apiCallAttemptTimeout</td>
            <td>The amount of time(in seconds) to wait for the http request to complete before giving up and timing out.</td>
            <td>No</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

    **Sample configuration**

    ```xml
    <amazonsqs.purgeQueue configKey="CONNECTION_NAME">
        <queueUrl>{$ctx:queueUrl}</queueUrl>
        <apiCallTimeout>{$ctx:apiCallTimeout}</apiCallTimeout>
        <apiCallAttemptTimeout>{$ctx:apiCallAttemptTimeout}</apiCallAttemptTimeout>
    </amazonsqs.purgeQueue>
    ```
    
    **Sample request**

    ```xml
    <amazonsqs.purgeQueue configKey="AMAZON_SQS_CONNECTION">
        <queueUrl>https://sqs.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/882234390511/Queue</queueUrl>
    </amazonsqs.purgeQueue>
    ```

> ---

Reviewer: Shall we add the error codes as well? Please refer http://localhost:8000/en/latest/reference/connectors/microsoft-azure-storage-connector/2.x/microsoft-azure-storage-reference/#error-codes-related-to-microsoft-azure-storage-connector as an example

Author: Added.
